{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12220\viewh11460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Samuel Levi Segal - forefather of 3 families
\b\fs24 \cf2 \
\
The Descendants of Samuel Levi Segal Goldschmidt - born abt 1700 in Frankfurt am Main -\
Forefather of the families Goudsmit, Bloemhof and Groenewoudt\

\b0 Samuel Levi must have been still a boy when his family was forced to leave Frankfurt. They had lost everything as a result of the great fire of 1711 by which all the houses of the \'93Judengasse\'94 were destroyed. They wandered through the Region north of Frankfurt, to end up in Reiskirchen in the Busecker Tal, an independant "Ritterschaft" nicknamed \'93Hessisch Pal\'e4stina\'94. From here, in the second half of the 18th century, most of his children would migrate to the Netherlands.\
In Frankfurt the extensive Goldschmidt Levite family had during the 17th and 16th century ramified into many branches. Some had left to towns all over Europe. Others were staying in the overcrowded family houses, like the \'93Goldener Schwan\'94 and the \'93Korb und Wanne\'94, where since 1525, their forefathers had been living.\
They originated from N\'fcrnberg, that in 1499 had expelled all its jewish inhabitants. Mosche Goldschmidt-Schaffhausen and his wife Bela had prospered in N\'fcrnberg during the last decades of the the 15th century, as he and his sons exceptionally were allowed to practise the craft of goldsmith. His parents and grandparents had been metalworkers as well as bankers by tradition. They must have fled the pogroms of Toledo in the 14th century and wandered through France and Italy to Schaffhausen.\

\i \cf0 [v121110]\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i0\b \cf2 The Descendants of Samuel Levi Segal Goldschmidt - born abt 1700 in Frankfurt am Main -\
Forefather of the families Goudsmit, Bloemhof, Groenewoudt (and L\'f6wenberg?)
\i\b0 \
Samuel Levi must have been still a boy when his family was forced to leave Frankfurt. They had lost everything as a result of the great fire of 1711 by which all the houses of the \'93Judengasse\'94 were destroyed. They wandered through the Region north of Frankfurt, to end up in Reiskirchen in the Busecker Tal, an independant "Ritterschaft" nicknamed \'93Hessisch Pal\'e4stina\'94. From here, in the second half of the 18th century, most of his children would migrate to the Netherlands.\
In Frankfurt the extensive Goldschmidt Levite family had during the 17th and 16th century ramified into many branches. Some had left to towns all over Europe. Others were staying in the overcrowded family houses, like the \'93Goldener Schwan\'94 and the \'93Korb und Wanne\'94, where since 1525, their forefathers had been living.\
They originated from N\'fcrnberg, that in 1499 had expelled all its jewish inhabitants. Mosche Goldschmidt-Schaffhausen and his wife Bela had prospered in N\'fcrnberg during the last decades of the the 15th century, as he and his sons exceptionally were allowed to practise the craft of goldsmith. His parents and grandparents had been metalworkers or merchants as well as bankers by tradition. Maybe they have fled the pogroms of Toledo in the 14th century and wandered through France and Italy to Schaffhausen.\
[v010213]\

\i0 \
This version comprehends the first five generations, as far as the beginning of the 20th century. \
For a regurlarly updated sequel go to: 
\i http://goudsmit.home.xs4all.nl/CollateralFamiliesPersonsV2/wc_toc.htm}